Add documentation for the new theming mechanism (#6697)
surveyjs/survey-library: docs/get-started-angular.md

## Configure Styles

> SurveyJS Form Library ships with several predefined themes illustrated below and a flexible theme customization mechanism based upon CSS variables.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
SurveyJS Form Library is shipped with several predefined themes illustrated below and a flexible theme customization mechanism based on CSS variables.
```
